Add public Vale configuration (#287)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/shortcodes/index.md

The following sections describe shortcodes available for use in Grafana Markdown files. To learn about other shortcodes, refer to the Hugo [shortcode documentation](https://gohugo.io/content-management/shortcodes/).

> > **Note for internal Grafana Labs contributors**: The Grafana shortcode templates are defined in the `layouts/shortcodes` folder of the website repository. To request custom shortcodes, [create an issue](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/issues).

Reviewer: ironically, does not use admonition shortcode.

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/pull/287/files/a68ca46bd455483904d867009c11c3c1fd7a6ca4#r1281553659

> > **Note for internal Grafana Labs contributors**: The Grafana shortcode templates are defined in the `layouts/shortcodes` folder of the website repository. To request custom shortcodes, [create an issue](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/issues).

Author: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
The Grafana shortcode templates are defined in the `layouts/shortcodes` folder of the website repository which is only accessible to Grafana Labs employees. 
To request custom shortcodes, [create an issue](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/issues).
{{% /admonition %}}
```

- `label` - The label you'll use in the reference-style links in the file. In the example above, the label is `dashboards`. The label can be multiple words (for example, [dashboard docs]) and can include spaces.
- `project path prefix` - Designates the target project. In the example above, the path prefixes are `/docs/grafana/` for Grafana and `/docs/grafana-cloud/` for Cloud.
- `reference` - The path to the destination file. It can include `<SOMETHING VERSION>`, which is either taken from front matter of the page or falls back to being inferred from the version of the page.
  This enables the use of absolute paths that resolve correctly, irrespective of version.

>   When including a version, for the target project, use the name of the project, with spaces but no hyphens or underscores, all upper-cased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When including a version, for the target project, use the name of the project, with spaces but no hyphens or underscores, all upper-case.
```
